Add support for Kerberos (#12641)
DataDog/integrations-core: vertica/README.md

[Restart the Agent][8] to start sending Vertica metrics to Datadog.

#### Authenticating with Kerberos

The Vertica integration supports using Kerberos for authentication. To enable Kerberos authentication:

>  1. Manually install the [kerberos][13] library:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Manually install the [kerberos][13] library:
```

[Restart the Agent][8] to start sending Vertica metrics to Datadog.

#### Authenticating with Kerberos

> The Vertica integration supports using Kerberos for authentication. To enable Kerberos authentication,
> you need to manually install the [kerberos][13] library:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Vertica integration supports using Kerberos for authentication. To enable Kerberos authentication:

 1. Manually install the [kerberos][13] library:
```

> ```bash
> sudo -Hu dd-agent /opt/datadog-agent/embedded/bin/pip install kerberos==1.3.1
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ```bash
   sudo -Hu dd-agent /opt/datadog-agent/embedded/bin/pip install kerberos==1.3.1
   ```
```

Reviewer: that comment didn't turn out right, but basically add three spaces in front of this codeblock, so make the ordered list alignment work

> Also, you may have to set the `kerberos_host_name` and `kerberos_service_name` options in the configuration
> to match your setup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Check that the `kerberos_host_name` and `kerberos_service_name` options in the configuration are set to match your setup.
```

> Note that you need to make sure that a Ticket-Granting Ticket (TGT) is available and valid. This may
> be obtained by running `kinit` or by logging in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Make sure that a Ticket-Granting Ticket (TGT) is available and valid. You can obtain this by running `kinit` or by logging in.
```
